"Never ascribe to maline that which is adequately explained by incompetence" - Napoleon Bonaparte (David Burke)
"Speed doesn't matter, forward is forward" - Annonymous (Nathan Martin)
"90@ of success is just showing up" - XXXXXXXXX (Mike Turian)
"You could save 15% of more on your car insurance!" - XXXXXXXXX (Adam Fenerty)
"Jiggle the handle" - Joe Louie (Joe Louie)
"Don't Argue, get organized." - XXXXXXXXX (Brandon Connell Scott)
"Do not pray for an easy life. Pray for the strength to endure a hard one." - Bruce Lee (Michael Frost)
"Come play with us! I want to get you stoned and feed you pancakes" - XXXXXXX (Melissa Anderson)
 “Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power.” - Tao te Ching (William Myers)
"Not allwho wander are lost" - XXXXXXXX (Sarah Altenburg)
"Some motherfuckers are always trying to ice skate up hill." - XXXXXX (Isaac Harrus)
"Hail to the King, Baby!" - XXXXXXXXXXX (Chris Gates)
"All women become their own mothers, it is their greatest tragedy. No man ever does, and that is his." - Oscar Wilde, from 'The Importance Of Being Ernest' (Nicholas Eddy)
"I said, biitttch" - Key & Peele (Julia Mates)
"Winning is not the final, and failure is not fatal, it's the will to continue that matters the most" - XXXXX (Gregory A. Loverage)
"Oh God, I could be bounded a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams." - XXXXXX (Nick Fury)
"Better to close your mouth and be thought a fool than to open it and remove all doubt." - XXXXXXXXX (Seth Bird)
"He who laughs last, laughs best." - XXXXXX (Evan Rawson)
"Scars show us where we've been, they do not dictate where we are going." - XXXXXX (Carrie Ancel Carrillo)
"I'm here to kick ass and chew bubblegum, and I'm all out of bubblegum." - XXXXXXX (Natalya Haner)
"Sodding Nugg humper" -dragon age quote (Katie Marvin)
“The only thingiand necessary for the triumph of evil is for good [people] to do nothing” - Edmund Burke (Kaylin A. Clarke)
“Ice makes for stillness not weakness. I’ll rise and I’ll dance like the spring; dauntless creator of canyons- look to the water for change.” - SJ Tucker ‘look to the water’ (Becca Deam)
"Captain Logic is not steering this tugboat." - XXXXXX (Ariadne Santa Maria)
"Hope is like a piece of string when you’re drowning. It just isn’t enough to get you out by itself." - XXXXX (Jono Hanks)
“We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence then is not an act, but a habit.” -Aristotle (Dexter Deam)
"You miss 100% of the shots you never take." - Wayne Gretzky (Matt Wagner)
"If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first invite the universe." -Carl Sagan (Rick Raddue)
"My cat's breath smells like cat food." Jeff Tucker (Jeff Tucker)
"You know, I used to think it was awful that life was so unfair. Then I thought, wouldn't it be much worse if life were fair, and all the terrible things that happen to us come because we actually deserve them? So, now I take great comfort in the general hostility and unfairness of the universe.” - Marcus Cole, Babylon 5 (Austin Buelt)
"It is what it is." - XXXXXX (Cymryc Moon)
"You don't have a soul. You are a soul. You have a body." - XXXXXXX (Larilynn Parker)
"Suicide is a very comforting thought, with it, one can get through many a tough time." - XXXXX (Felisity Svet)